-: Welcome back.
In this lecture, we are going to review
the microservices application deployment manifest
and also the Ingress manifests, okay?
So, let's move on with the step five review,
microservices application deployment manifests.
So, we have user management microservice deployment
and then notification microservice deployment.
So in our previous microservices deployment section,
entire section, we have already created these things
and then deployed it and then tested it.
So what changes we are going to make for these things?
That is what we are primarily going to look into, right?
So in user management microservices deployment file
for the image tag we are going to use
3 dot 0 dot 0 AWS X-Ray my SQL.
So the tag very clearly states that 3 dot 0 dot 0
and then which is enabled with AWS X-Ray
and it connects to the my SQL DB
which means we need my SQL DB.
So why we specifically mentioned my SQL DB is,
if you go inside that things here, right?
Kubernete, Kube user management microservice.
So you'll also have something called H2 DB
which is in memory DB.
So you can directly deploy these H2 DB containers
wherein you don't have any microserve,
my SQL DB related dependencies.
So directly you can deploy them.
So you really don't need RDS database
or my SQL containers or anything.
So internal in memory DB will be available for us
but as part of our architecture, right?
So we are trying to depict everything
and then leverage every AWS service.
So that's the reason I have ensured that
we are using my SQL DB tag here. Okay?
So if you use SQL DB tag, then automatically
know my SQL related stuff is not needed
but rest all X-Ray is going to work here as is. Okay?
So no changes to X-ray how it is going to work.
Only thing is when you create a user
the user will be stored in H2 DB
and then whenever you restart your container
or del-, that user will not be there
because that is only a persistent DB.
And if you deploy four or five containers
or four or five parts of that,
then you'll have a different, different data
in different, different in memory DB
respective to that respective part.
So it's only for testing purposes we use this type of stuff.
This one and then this one.
So these are not real time stuff, okay?
So, but for convenience purpose
I have compiled and then put it there. Okay?
But always we try to use my SQL DB real time cases
and then we'll use the same thing.
So that's about the tag we need to discuss about.
And next is the change two is, environmental variables
related to AWS X-Ray, right?
So these are very, very important ones.
So let's discuss one by one. Okay?
So, AWS X-Ray tracing name, right?
So if you go to our picture here, right?
So inside service map you can see here
user management microservice.
So this is the name of our microservice.
So whatever you have provided here,
it will be displayed here. Okay?
So whatever we provide here, you can see.
You can see here V1 notification microservice.
So the same thing is getting displayed here.
So your application name, whatever you want to provide.
So that one you need to provide
means like in your application code
you might have written something else, okay?
So in my application code also
I have written something here so I can show you, right?
So if I open it here
so I have said user management microservice
just simply like this, okay?
But if you want to override this value
if you want to override this value with this value
so you can use this, send the environmental variable.
I always prefer to do everything
via means like these type of things if available
I try to use via Kubernetes deployment manifest
so that I can alter in future also, right?
So that's the reason I used this variable name
and then provided my name, whatever is required for me here.
Okay? And next thing is AWS X-Ray daemon address.
So which means whenever that daemon is running
so it need to know, right?
Our respective application container need to know
to which the X-Ray daemon address
it need to send that traces, right?
So X-Ray service dot default and then 2000.
What does this mean, right?
So if you see here in our templates, right?
X-Ray service.
So you go here and you only created this service, okay?
X-Ray service in X-Ray care demonstrate
in previous lecture we created this service, okay?
In name spell default.
So X-Ray service dot default will be my name
of my daemon address
and the pod I'm going to use is 2000 pod.
Why? Because I exposed it as 2000.
We can even see that here.
Kube CTL get SVC will provide the X-Ray service
with the pod is 2000.
Okay? So that's good.
So that's about that daemon address, right?
And next is X-Ray context missing. Okay?
So if you use the value log error,
it will log an error and then continue.
It will not disturb our application. Okay?
But if you don't define this and then leave it like that.
So that default is to use that runtime error.
So when it uses runtime error,
it throws a runtime exception,
which is default option if not configured.
So it's not good, right?
So for me, for now it need to log error and then continue.
If X-ray is not working, what matters for me?
My application should continue to keep running, right?
So that's the purpose I defined this way.
AWS X-Ray context missing, log error and then continue.
The CN3 environmental variables also will be present
for our notification microservice.
Also, in addition to that
there will be something called for notification microservice
also you'll have 3 dot 0 dot 0 AWS X-Ray tag.
So you can find it here, let me go to repositories, right?
And you'll have the notification microservice here
and you can see it here.
3 dot 0 dot 0 AWS X-Ray, right?
And here you'll also have 4 dot 0 dot 0 AWS X-Ray.
So which will state that 3 dot 0 dot 0 is V1 version
of your application and then 4 dot 0 dot 0 for X-Ray
is V2 version of application.
So whenever we are doing the cannery deployments
in our next sections, so we are also going to
use 4 dot 0 x-ray and then distribute the traffic
between 3 dot 0 and then 4 dot 0.
And both will be live for us
when we are accessing via browser, right?
So we are going to see those things also later.
So that's the reason everything is compiled
and then put it ready for us. Okay.
So now image tag we have verified
in notification microservice also.
Let's also view them from our route
which to your code prospective, right?
So in Kube Mainfest you have 02 applications
and you can see 02 user management microservice deployment.
Okay? So there only we added
these additional environmental variables, okay?
And same for our deployment also.
Okay? And remaining things, my SQL external limb service
as is, it is same, okay?
And node port service for user management, same.
We didn't touch it. Okay?
And notification microservice SMTP service
we didn't touch it, as is. Okay?
From previous section which is microservices deployment
on EKS.
And notification cluster IP service also
it is going to be as is.
We didn't touch anything. Okay?
Now we'll move on to ALB Ingress
and then discuss about the ALB Ingress manifest.
Okay? So one thing important from your perspective
is whenever you are using this template
you need to update your certificate ARN, right?
So if you have already updated it
in your respective ALB application load balances section
and then trying to copy paste your template
continuously for every section, then there is no issue.
Okay? If not, always ensure
that you update your certificate ARN here
and then your external DNS names, okay?
You might have your own domain name, right?
Mine is Q1 cloud dot com.
So yours might be something else.
So that one you need to update here for route 53 section.
So these are the reviews we need to understand
about our respective deployment manifests.
And then Ingress manifest, rest all are going to be same.
So in our next lecture we are going to deploy
and then test it.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.